# INVENTORY-MANAGEMENT-USING-BLOCKCHAIN
INVENTORY MANAGEMENT USING BLOCKCHAIN :-  
Considering (A)warehouses, (B)manufacturers, (C)suppliers and production sites, (D)distribution centers and retail partners as multiple parameters, Now using Blockchain, to connect to each other through a permanent record of every transaction that takes place, Trusted transactions with validation and non-repudiation.  
All the records are then stored and accessible to everyone within the network resulting to Tamper-evident transaction history, providing a better relationship with manufacturers/supplier.  
With transparency, manufacturers are better able to manage product origins, traceability, potential recalls and perishable goods. Manufacturers can actually see consumer-level demand in near real time, allowing them to forecast demand accurately and plan manufacturing and replenishment. Also Cryptographic proof of trust among peers replaces intermediaries.  
Considering few issues where replenishments were ordered once inventory was depleted or estimated when inventory would run out. With blockchain, warehouse inventory management can forecast demand accurately and thereby always have the right type and quantity of stock needed to meet expected demand. The technology makes it possible to optimize revenue and profitability, while reducing the risk of lost sales.  
Permissioned Blockchain is a good fit for this, Considering multiple parameter mentioned above as members of the network. One of the top Permissioned Blockchain is Hyperledger Fabric which is an open source blockchain started by Linux Foundation.  
And then there is Amazon Managed Blockchain which is a fully managed service that makes it easy to create and manage scalable private networks using Hyperledger Fabric.
